-------- Interactive Report End User Costomization ------------------
Search : 
apply filter on rows for that term in the searched field 
also search data in specific column by dropdown icon in search button
placeholder change to column name in search bar

Actions : --
Columns : User can choose that which columns should be displayed and We can rearrage the order of columns to display in the report

Filter : specify a where condition like salary < 1000 
    1. Columns Filter : Custom filter on column
    2. Row Filter : Custom Filter on row

Data : Operation that can be performed on data
    1. Sort : Sort Columns either in asc or desc order can choose null should be considered like first or last
    2. Aggregate : Select aggregate function and columns to apply that function.
    3. Compute : to add a compute column where we can give name to that column and expression to perform like profit = sell - cost
    4. Flashback : give duration as input then it rollback to state that time ago and display that data at that time.

Format : format report according to data and user's need.
    1. Control Break : apply a control break on column then it will work like group by function.
    2. Highlights : it will highlight row or cell and we can also choose highlight color and need to specify a condition.
    3. Rows per page : No of rows to display per page.
    
Chart : To create a chart options are bar, Line with area, Pie, Line need to provide label and value column
        it provides a toggle between table data and chart based on that data 

Group By : Select a columns based on a report group by and we can aslo specify a function and we can provide a label and format

Pivot : To create a pivot report provide pivot column and row columns and then provide function that calculates values.

Report : 
        1. Save Report : Provide name and description can also choose to make it public or keep it private.
        2. Reset : Reset report back to default setting.

Each Columns has 4 options at heading are Sort ASC, Sort DESC, Hide Column, Control Break.

--------------- Interactive Report Developer Costomization ------------------------
Region : can edit the core of report like data source
    
    Filter : at top right can help us to find specific attributes

    Identification: here we can provide name and title to report that can be seen in layout.

    Source : we have to provide Database and type which include SQL query and table or view.

Attributes : it Controls how a report works.

    Apperance : can choose what to diaplay insted as null values.

    Pagination : it disaplay which page are we on in total number of pages and we can choose it's display type and postion on the page.

    Performance : lazy loading interactive report in loaded without the data and the we can choose to max rows to show to end user.

    Message : we can provide message for no data found or more data than found than max rows which is set in performance.

    Search Bar : We can choose to include search bar if enabled then we can chose its attributes like Finder drop down and Reports select list and Rows par page

    Actions Menu : can choose which options to provide to end user in action item tab. and can choose to display action menu or not

    Download : can specify whether use should have downlaod option or not if  yes then only authorized user can download the report or everyone.

    Link : Edit icon at the begining of each row. we can exclude it or choose between below.
            1. Single Row view : Display that single row in key value pairs.
            2. Link to Custom Target : Open different page that display info about that row need to provide page number and pass some information to that page.

Printing : like Report that is going to download can change it's attributes like size, font, orientation, text color and more 

Save Report ; have 2 oprtions primary report is like default and alternative report where provide name and it will act like private report there are availale for end users.


